









































 

 

Key Investor Information 
 
This document provides you with key investor information about this fund. It is not marketing material. The information is required by law to help you 
understand the nature and the risks of investing in this fund. You are advised to read it so you can make an informed decision about whether to invest. 

 

 

  

 

 Objectives and investment policy 
 
Robeco All Strategy Euro Bonds is an active 
bond fund looking to optimize returns on a risk 
adjusted basis. Its benchmark agnostic 
investment style is well suited to benefit from 
inefficiencies linked to benchmarks. 

Relatively small positions in currencies other 
than the euro are permitted. Derivatives can be 
used for various reasons such as hedging single 
positions and arbitrage, or for leverage to gain 
extra exposure. 

Benchmark: Barclays Euro-Aggregate (EUR) 

The fund aims to outperform by taking 
positions that deviate from the benchmark. 

This share class of the fund will distribute 
dividend. 

 

 Risk and reward profile 
  

Lower risk - Typically lower rewards Higher risk - Typically higher rewards 

  
 Historical data, such as is used in calculating 
the synthetic indicator, is not a reliable 
indication of the future risk profile. The risk and 
reward category shown is not guaranteed to 
remain unchanged, the categorization may 
shift over time. The lowest category does not 
mean a risk-free investment. 
 

Bond funds in general are less volatile than 
equity funds. Due to its regional focus on 
Europe this fund has a relative low volatility 
although it does invests in derivatives making it 
more susceptible for larger movements in the 
development of its value. 
 

You can purchase or sell units in the fund on 
any valuation day. This fund may not be 
appropriate for investors who plan to withdraw 
their money within 5 years. 
 

 

The following data are deemed material for this 
fund, and are not (adequately) reflected by the 
indicator: 

1. The product invests in debt securities. 
Issuers of debt securities may default on 
their obligations. 

2. The investment exposure of the product is 
obtained to a material degree through 
derivatives. A derivative counterparty of 
the product may fail to fulfil its 
obligations. The risk is partially mitigated 
through the use of collateral. 

3. The product will invest in derivative 
instruments. These instruments may 
present a leverage effect, which will 
increase the sensitivity of the product to 
market fluctuations. The risk is limited 
within the conditions of the products 
integral risk management. 

For a complete overview of all risks attached to 
this fund we refer to section Risk considerations 
within the prospectus. 

 

 

Robeco All Strategy Euro Bonds BH EUR (LU0528646820) 
This fund is a subfund of Robeco Capital Growth Funds, SICAV 

 Management Company: Robeco Luxembourg S.A. 
 
 



 
 

 

 
 
 
This Key Investor Information is accurate as of February 17, 2017 
 
 
  

Charges 
 
The charges are used to pay the costs of running the fund, including the costs of marketing and distributing. The charges reduce the potential 
growth of the investment. 
 

 
One-off charges taken before or after you invest   
Entry charge  3.00% 
Subscription charge  None 
Switch charge  1.00% 
Exit charge  0.00% 
This is the maximum that might be taken out of your money before it is invested. 
   
Charges taken from the fund over a year   
Ongoing charges  0.88% 
   
Charges taken from the fund under certain specific conditions   
Performance fee  None 
 

The entry and exit charges shown are the maximum figures. Contact your 
financial advisor or distributor to find out the actual entry or exit charge. 
 
Ongoing charges are based on the expenses for the last calendar year 
ended 31-12-2016. This figure may vary from year to year and does not 
include performance fees or transaction costs, except in the case of 
exit/entry charges paid by the UCITS when buying or selling units in 
another collective investment undertaking. For funds launched during the 
current calendar year, the ongoing charge is estimated. 
 
For more information on fees, charges and performance fee calculation 
methods we refer to section Fees and Expenses within the prospectus, 
available on the website: www.robeco.com 
 
 

Past performance 

 
Fund - - - - 2.3% 11.7% 2.4% 10.1% 0.1% 2.7% 
Benchmark - - - - 3.2% 11.2% 2.2% 11.1% 1.0% 3.3% 
           
 

0

10

20

2007 2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 2014 2015 2016

Calendar years Currency: EUR 
1st quotation date: 25-08-2010 
Past performance is of limited value as a guide to future 
performance. The ongoing charges are included in the 
calculation of past performance; excluded are the entry and 
exit charge. 
 

 

Practical information 
? The depositary of the SICAV is RBC Investor Services Bank S.A. 

? This key investor information document describes a subfund of the Sicav, the prospectus and periodic reports are prepared for the entire Sicav. 

? The English prospectus, and the (semi) annual report and the details of the remuneration policy of the management company can be obtained free 
of charge on www.robeco.com/luxembourg. The website also publishes the latest prices and other information. 

? The assets and liabilities of each subfund are segregated by law. Shares of one subfund may be exchanged with another subfund of the Sicav as 
further discribed in the prospectus. The Sicav may offer other share classes of the subfund. Information on these share classes is available in the 
prospectus under Appendix I. 

? The tax legislation of the Sicav's home Member State may have an impact on the personal tax position of the investor. 

? Robeco Luxembourg S.A., may be held liable solely on the basis of any statement contained in this document that is misleading, inaccurate or 
inconsistent with the relevant parts of the prospectus of the Sicav. 

 The Robeco Capital Growth Funds, Sicav is authorised in Luxembourg and regulated by the CSSF (Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier). 
Robeco Luxembourg S.A. is authorised in Luxembourg and regulated by the CSSF. 

The sales prospectus, which contains important information for the investor, the articles of incorporation and the annual and semi-annual reports can 
be obtained free of charge from the representative office in Switzerland, RobecoSAM AG, Josefstr. 218, 8005 Zurich. Paying agent in Switzerland: UBS 
Switzerland AG, Bahnhofstr. 45, 8001 Zurich/Postal Address: Badenerstr. 574, P.O. Box, 8098 Zurich. 
 

 
 


